com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserAccountAvatra.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserAccountAvatra
com/example/foodradar_android/article/Article.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.Article
com/example/foodradar_android/main/CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment$CategoryAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment$CategoryAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragment$CategoryAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResRatingActivity.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResRatingActivity
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResRatingActivity$1
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleImageTask.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleImageTask
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserSysSetupFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserSysSetupFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserSysSetupFragment$1
com/example/foodradar_android/user/MyRes.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.MyRes
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResRating.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResRating
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleGood.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleGood
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/Coupon.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.Coupon
com/example/foodradar_android/main/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragment$ProcModeEnum
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResListFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ResInsertFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$10
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$11
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$12
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$13
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$8
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragment$9
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponEditFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$CouponEditAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$CouponEditAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$CouponEditAdapter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragment$CouponEditAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/InsertImageFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.InsertImageFragment
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResListFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$ResAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$ResAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$ResAdapter$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResListFragment$ResAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/main/Register_Fragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Register_Fragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Register_Fragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Register_Fragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Register_Fragment$3
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResMapFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$10
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$10$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$5$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$5$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$7$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$8
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$9
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$ResAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$ResAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$ResAdapter$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragment$ResAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ResInsertFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResInsertFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/task/ImageTask.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.task.ImageTask
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleInsertFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/main/Category.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Category
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponDetailFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponDetailFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponDetailFragment$1
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserMyResFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleDetailFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$2$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$2$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$CommentAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$CommentAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$CommentAdapter$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$CommentAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$ImgAdpter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$ImgAdpter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragment$ImgAdpter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/MyFCMService.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.MyFCMService
com/example/foodradar_android/user/MyArticle.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.MyArticle
com/example/foodradar_android/WelcomeFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.WelcomeFragment
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleUpdateFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$ImgAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$ImgAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$ImgAdapter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$ImgAdapter$1$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$ImgAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$UpdateAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$UpdateAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$UpdateAdapter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$UpdateAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragment$UpdateAdapter$PickViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/res/Res.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.Res
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserMyArticleFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$MyArticleAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$MyArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyArticleFragment$MyArticleAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ResMaintainFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleDetailFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleDetailFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.WelcomeActivity
 com.example.foodradar_android.WelcomeActivity$1
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserMyCouponFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragment$MyCouponAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragment$MyCouponAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragment$MyCouponAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/Common.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.Common
 com.example.foodradar_android.Common$1
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponMaintainFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserAreaFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserAreaFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ResAddressFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserImageTask.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserImageTask
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleInsertFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$ImgAdpter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$ImgAdpter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$ImgAdpter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$ImgAdpter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleInsertFragment$ImgAdpter$PickViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/NewArticleFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ResAddressFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment$ResAddressAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment$ResAddressAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddressFragment$ResAddressAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/RankArticleFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/Img.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.Img
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserAreaFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserAreaFragment
com/example/foodradar_android/main/Category_Detail_Fragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Category_Detail_Fragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.Category_Detail_Fragment$1
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResImgFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResImgFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResImgFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResImgFragment$ImgAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResImgFragment$ImgAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleUpdateFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleUpdateFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserAccount.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserAccount
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserManagementFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$UserAccountAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$UserAccountAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserManagementFragment$UserAccountAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/NewArticleFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.NewArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouactAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouactAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouactAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouponAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouponAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragment$CouponAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/main/CategoryTypeFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter$1$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter$1$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragment$ResAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ResUpdateFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$10
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$11
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$12
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$13
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$8
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResUpdateFragment$9
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ResAddress.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ResAddress
com/example/foodradar_android/article/Comment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.Comment
com/example/foodradar_android/main/MainActivity.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.MainActivity
com/example/foodradar_android/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.BuildConfig
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ResMaintainFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter$3$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ResMaintainFragment$ResAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/ArticleFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.ArticleFragment
com/example/foodradar_android/user/MyCoupon.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.MyCoupon
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserDataSetupFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$10
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$8
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$9
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserDataSetupFragment$ProcModeEnum
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponUpdataFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragment$7
com/example/foodradar_android/main/CategoryTypeFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryTypeFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResDetailFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$ImgAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragment$ImgAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResDetailFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResDetailFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/FcmFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.FcmFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.FcmFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.FcmFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.FcmFragment$3
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/main/CategoryFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.CategoryFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/ArticleManagementFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$8
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$9
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.ArticleManagementFragment$MyArticleAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/RankArticleFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.RankArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponMaintainFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$2$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$4
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$5
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$6
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$7
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponMaintainFragment$8
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserMyCouponFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyCouponFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponEditFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponEditFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/FavoriteArticleFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragment$ArticleAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserMyResFragment.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$2
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$3
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$MyResAdapter
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$MyResAdapter$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$MyResAdapter$1$1
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserMyResFragment$MyResAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/foodradar_android/article/CommentGood.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.CommentGood
com/example/foodradar_android/coupon/CouponUpdataFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.coupon.CouponUpdataFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/user/UserSysSetupFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.user.UserSysSetupFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/task/CommonTask.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.task.CommonTask
com/example/foodradar_android/res/ResMapFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.res.ResMapFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/article/FavoriteArticleFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.article.FavoriteArticleFragmentDirections
com/example/foodradar_android/main/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.foodradar_android.main.LoginFragmentDirections
